---
titolo: Once more into the void
livelloBibliografico: "Monografia "
tipoDiDocumento: Testo
autorePrincipale: Jason Pitre
pubblicazione: Kickstarter, 2021
descrizioneFisica: 30p., ill., color
titoloDiOpera: Once more into the void
soggetti: "Giochi di ruolo "
sistemaDiGioco: Firebrands
ambientazione: "Fantascienza "
giocoAdattoA: Campagne Brevi
gradoDiPreparazione: basso
master: false
numeroDiGiocatoriMIN: 3
numeroDiGiocatoriMAX: 5
etaConsigliata: "12"
linguaDiPubblicazione: Inglese
linguaOperaOriginale: Inglese
paeseDiPubblicazione: Internet
codiceIdentificativo: Kickstarter rules
regaloDiVanessa: false
---
